ban devgarh India at the height of the
dry season
a cheetah oh dear
they must live their lives with all
their senses at a high pitch the
faintest smell the slightest sound the
briefest glimpse could give warning of
an attack the cheetah must detect their
enemy before it takes them by surprise
and they have allies langur monkeys
keen eyesight and a perch high in the
trees means they can scan the forest the
jungle is full of distraction
senses are strained trying to detect
approaching danger yet the Chitale still
need a field and the hunter must get
within striking distance
there's a hint of danger carried on the
wind the herd shares our nervousness you
should never run from what you can't see
you might just run straight into danger
the tiger is nearly close enough to
launch her attack she must wait
the cheat I'll need to come just a
little closer if she moves now the
Langer's will see her
[Music]
[Applause]
the deer had a moment's Head Start and
escaped the languorous vigilance saved
the cheetah and the tiger goes hungry
[Music]
you